>> Mike North: Okay, so
we've got this grocery app,
hopefully everyone's
been able to start it up.
And what we wanna do is,
to the extreme right of every row
of like items for particular category.
We're gonna add a little tile there that
basically says, click here for more.
So let's say we're showing
the first ten items.
And we wanna give people a place to
click to show me the full list of
everything in this category.
And we want something that kind
of looks the same as these tiles
that are based on data.
And so we're gonna have to create some
HTML for that and you'll note that each
has its own little image here that sort
of matches the appropriate category.
So, where we'll need to modify things is,
it's in this file here.
It's a typescript React file,
so, it's a .tsx extension.
Don't panic, we're gonna just be dropping
a HTML in there with a little bit of
dynamic variable just for the URL.
So if click that link,
you'll find yourself in this file here.
And what you're gonna look for
is this thing that says code for
exercise one here.
And you're just gonna be putting
HTML below that line, or
replace that line in HTML.
But this is effectively a comment.
So whatever goes here,
think of this UL here,
this is the horizontal
row of grocery items.
This here, think of that as like,
the array of items based
on data that we retrieved.
And then, after that, you're gonna
add one more that's just static.
It's always there of our list
of what data we got back.
And that's gonna look like
what we see in the image here.
That's gonna look like
these things to the right.
So the per-category image,if
you start up your app,
it follows this form here and
you are gonna have to change this
<lower-case-category-name> based
on the category name.
All right so
you may wanna look in other places in this
file.</lower-case-category-name> to
see for example,
I see that there's like a word,
dairy, here.
And if I look up here like there might be,
looks like that's a category name here.
So we may want to like follow that same
pattern of putting things between places.
If you've never used React that's
why I'm explaining that to you.
So maybe you can use that and arrive at
a conclusion that will get you a dynamic
piece of data in this large
static chunk of HTML.
And the point here is, use Emmet.
Even if you wanna take
a couple of passes at it so
that you can figure out the thing
that would explain it all at once.
And then experiment with how you
could explain it out step by step and
save yourself time.
Basically use this as a structure to get
comfortable with expanding things out.
This is the HTML structure
that you're gonna look for.
This question mark here that is for
you to fill in.
Remember this image is different depending
on what category we're looking at.
And you're gonna have to lowercase
the categories name in order to
get the right URL.
For those who are not React indoctrinated
yet just be aware of two things.
Number one in HTML,
that is in JS actually I should say,
the stuff that looks
like HTML in this file.
You cannot say class equals something
to add classes to dumb elements,
the reason is this word has
a very specific meaning sorry,
this word class has a very
specific meaning in JavaScript.
And we cannot use it there, so class
name is what you'll wanna change it for.
And then finally if you've never used
JSX before to mix static values and
dynamic values, you will basically
have to construct a string like this.
Rather than saying my
value is as a string.
And then shift into the world of like,
here's the JavaScript
value that I'm omitting.
So you basically wanna
omit the whole thing.
You wanna construct the whole string.
I advise using something like
a template like this where we've
got out backticks and then this will be
evaluated as a job descrip expression.
So this should give you the little
tiny subset of react you need
in order to make this work.
In the end you're looking for
something that looks like this.
So why don't we take about
let's say 25 minutes just in
case people have set up issues.
And in the end like you want something
that ends up looking kinda like what you
have on the right.